README.md, before:

# Fantasy Intellectuals
Operationalizing Arnold Kling's 'Fantasy Intellectuals' to improve thoughtful discourse.

## Background

Background information on Fantasy Intellectuals or FITs for short, can be found here:

https://www.arnoldkling.com/blog/fits-details/

The purpose of this project is to automate the scoring of FITs using modern natural language processing and machine learning techniques.

## Data

Input data will eventually come from blogs, podcasts, books, articles and twitter. I will start with twitter because it is the most tractable to ingest.

## Scoring

### Scoring Philosophy

The following scoring mechanism is derived from Arnold Kling, stated in his post 'Fantasy Intellectual Teams: version 2.0'

A scoring category should be a quantifiable indicator of the qualities we want in an intellectual. Qualitatively, what we seek to do is reward those who:

* put forth interesting ideas for discussion

* try to persuade someone who might disagree, rather than simply rile up people who already agree

* demonstrate a willingness to face up to the weaknesses of one’s own position and the best points that can be made by someone on the other side

* make careful statements and tests them against evidence

Rotisserie scoring will be used to ensure that each category matters. An owner cannot dominate a league by just picking intellectuals who pile up points in a single category.

### Scoring Categories

* (S) steel-manning. Undertake an extensive criticism of a point of view in which you attempt to articulate the strongest case for the view against which you are arguing. For example, Scott Alexander’s book review of Freddie deBoer.

* (C) caveats. You earn a C for taking a skeptical look at your own point of view, pointing out the weaknesses in it.

* (D) discussion-starter. This could be an idea that becomes a topic of discussion. You could put the idea forth in an essay, a blog post, a podcast, a tweet, or a book.

* (B) Thinking in bets. To earn a B, a you must make a prediction with odds that could be translated into a bet. “I think that X is more likely to happen than Y” does not count.

* (O) open to reconsideration. You earn an O if during the season you change your mind on an issue or say that you are reconsidering a point of view, and explain why. Describing a change of mind that took place prior to the season (“I used to be for the Iraq war, but then I changed my mind”) does not count.

* (R) research summary. You must formulate a specific question, such as “By how much does a higher minimum wage reduce employment?” and summarize the best research on either side of the question.

* P) pair-off. You engage in an extended, fair debate with someone on an issue where you strongly disagree.

* (L) Lucifer’s advocate. In order to probe another person’s point of view, a player during a podcast or email interview plays Devil’s Advocate. You hear Russ Roberts do this on some of his podcasts, for example.

Commit message:

change from user based twitter pull to topic-based, update readme

README.md, after:

# Fantasy Intellectuals
Operationalizing Arnold Kling's 'Fantasy Intellectuals' to improve thoughtful discourse.

## Background

Background information on Fantasy Intellectuals or FITs for short, can be found here:

https://www.arnoldkling.com/blog/fits-details/

The purpose of this project is to automate the scoring of FITs using modern natural language processing and machine learning techniques.

## Data

Input data will eventually come from blogs, podcasts, books, articles and twitter. I will start with twitter because it is the most tractable to ingest.

To collect tweets, I will use the search tweets  method to sample from tweets around specific topics. I will then manually tag a set of tweets to use as training data.

## Scoring

Utilizing the manually generated training data, I will consider various multi-class text classification models including logistic regression, word2vec and linear support vector macine (LVSM). To evaluate the models, I will maximize precision because I am more concerned about anti-intellectualism being improperly rewarded given the natural inclination for these posts to spread.

### Scoring Philosophy

The following scoring mechanism is derived from Arnold Kling, stated in his post 'Fantasy Intellectual Teams: version 2.0'

A scoring category should be a quantifiable indicator of the qualities we want in an intellectual. Qualitatively, what we seek to do is reward those who:

* put forth interesting ideas for discussion

* try to persuade someone who might disagree, rather than simply rile up people who already agree

* demonstrate a willingness to face up to the weaknesses of one’s own position and the best points that can be made by someone on the other side

* make careful statements and tests them against evidence

Rotisserie scoring will be used to ensure that each category matters. An owner cannot dominate a league by just picking intellectuals who pile up points in a single category.

### Scoring Categories

* (S) steel-manning. Undertake an extensive criticism of a point of view in which you attempt to articulate the strongest case for the view against which you are arguing. For example, Scott Alexander’s book review of Freddie deBoer.

* (C) caveats. You earn a C for taking a skeptical look at your own point of view, pointing out the weaknesses in it.

* (D) discussion-starter. This could be an idea that becomes a topic of discussion. You could put the idea forth in an essay, a blog post, a podcast, a tweet, or a book.

* (B) Thinking in bets. To earn a B, a you must make a prediction with odds that could be translated into a bet. “I think that X is more likely to happen than Y” does not count.

* (O) open to reconsideration. You earn an O if during the season you change your mind on an issue or say that you are reconsidering a point of view, and explain why. Describing a change of mind that took place prior to the season (“I used to be for the Iraq war, but then I changed my mind”) does not count.

* (R) research summary. You must formulate a specific question, such as “By how much does a higher minimum wage reduce employment?” and summarize the best research on either side of the question.

* P) pair-off. You engage in an extended, fair debate with someone on an issue where you strongly disagree.

* (L) Lucifer’s advocate. In order to probe another person’s point of view, a player during a podcast or email interview plays Devil’s Advocate. You hear Russ Roberts do this on some of his podcasts, for example.
